Imagine if you could combine Open Claw
and Google's anti-gravity. Well, I did
that and it fundamentally changed the
way that I work. The challenge is that
people find it complicated and
expensive, which is why 99% of people
are not getting the full power of this
incredible technology. Most videos cover
generic applications. In this video, I'm
going to show you seven gamechanging use
cases that I'm actually using so that
you can have a digital AI employee that
works for you 24/7 that's going to help
you save more time, make more money, and
get light years ahead of your
competitors. They've done who I am. My
name is Jack Roberts. I built and sold
my last tech startup with over 60,000
customers, and now I run very profitable
AI automation business. So, if you
haven't already, grab that coffee and
let's dive straight in. Within
anti-gravity, you can build anything.
Essentially, you're limited by your
imagination. You can build 3D animated
websites. You can even build, if you
want to, your own open claw. We call
this gravity claw, which I did a full
video on. I'll link that on screen. It
is like the most fun I've had building
an anti-gravity ever. It's so so cool.
Now, with gravity claw and open claw,
you can chat to it anywhere anytime you
want to. I have, for example, with
Graphic Claw built something that will
generate for me invoices for any
business I want to, full PDFs in my
chat. I've got a full-on mission control
that lets me track essentially anything
I want to, including the cost of Gravity
Claw that updates dynamically whenever
and how often I wanted to. It can also
help me and has helped me manage my
team. And I mean this genuinely that we
are in the era now of the AI employee.
I'm not joking when I say that.
Effectively, your team updates a system
like ClickUp and then you have your own
AI employee now that can read and
understand everything that's going on
and tell you exactly everything that you
need. It is literally stuff like we've
never seen before. It is essentially it
feels like an AI employee and it's not
something that I'm kind of just saying
for the video. I genuinely mean that. It
really feels like I was telling my
girlfriend it feels like I've got like
an A employee working for me. And I'm so
excited to share with you these cool use
cases of which there's going to be seven
that we're going to cover in this video.
Um and they're going to be ones that
you're actually going to use. So, I put
the time and thought into show ones that
are going to be really useful for you.
Uh, and I'm also going to do some stuff
on costs to show you a low case, mid
case, and high high case based on your
usage and how you can actually bring
those costs down so you have full
transparency over what this thing is
actually going to cost you. Now, to run
gravity claw, you do not need a VPS. You
don't need to pay monthly, yearly for or
by annually for a VPS. You just chat
with anti-gravity. And the code, if you
want to chat to it anytime, lives in
railway, which basically means if your
laptop is shut down, you can message it
wherever you go to. you're on the move,
you're not grabbing a coffee. It makes
no difference at all. Uh, and you can
set it up in like literally one click.
And the cool thing is it's not exposed
to the internet, doesn't have ports. The
best way to think about it is somebody
in a room um that basically has access
to nowhere. So, the internet doesn't
know that this thing exists basically.
Um, but whichever one you use, open
claw, gravity claw, I'm going to help
you get ahead with these seven use cases
in this video. Now, having this
incredible 500 IQ personal assistant
that lives in your phone is one thing,
but when you equip it and give it a
command center that you can access on
your laptop where you can actually see
everything it's doing, the core
information and feed its knowledge base,
it goes to a completely new level. And
so, this is mission control. I should
also say everything I share in this
video, I'm going to share the full code
for you down below in the description or
comments. You just click on it, you'll
be able to download it completely for
free. So, this is mission control. I get
a live view of everything it's doing. I
can get a view on my cost, which is a
feature I added very recently. So, I can
see how much money I'm spending every
hour, what that looks like. I've got my
agent configuration. I've also got quick
actions that I can take. Then I have
something on productivity, which is
awesome just because I want this to be
as helpful as possible. So, when I'm
logging in, I can see everything that
I'm doing. I've got this habit tracker
thing. I can like add my habits and just
track this stuff. Really, really cool.
Add quick to-dos, add notes. I'm going
to bring this over so you can see a
little bit. Then we got tasks and
projects. This is really, really
freaking cool. So, so then I have my
tasks and projects which I can break
down by human tasks and also AI tasks.
So, this is everything. This is fully
connected to my ClickUp management
system. And if there's any actions I've
got, I can one click onto that, it opens
up into a brand new browser and I can
see the exact action that I have to do
that, which is insane. And then I've got
AI task. So, as it does different
things, I will see everything that
Gravity Claw is working on. Then, for
example, I have a YouTube intelligence
section. So, pretty much all my contents
here. I can see my metrics. I have a
document section. So when Gravity Core
creates documents for me, I can access
them on my control. I've got a second
brain where I can give it information
and I've got all my connections as well.
So this basically just shows me
everything that Gravity Claw is
connected to. Obviously we've got light
mode, right? Whatever we fancy and I can
remove them very quickly if I choose to.
And then we've got settings where I can
configure everything like its
personality and character auto send
messages everything else like that. So
the question is how do you actually go
ahead and build a command center just
like this? Well, it's that
straightforward. So, what you're going
to do is head over to anti-gravity.
Within anti-gravity, you're going to
open up your gravity claw instance. And
then essentially what you're going to do
is come over to this link here. Again,
I'll put a link for you down below so
you can check this one out. And you're
just basically going to copy mission
control. This basically covers
everything that is included in there. It
just has all the design elements,
different components, and what's really
cool when you just copy all of this
stuff. If you're doing it by, you have
to command A and then press A again on
notion. Just a little tip for you. Come
back over to anti-gravity and you
literally paste that in to build the
thing. and then you can give it
instructions about what you want that to
actually look like. So, for example, one
thing I might want to do is check my
YouTube comments to get a vibe of how
you're finding the videos and how I can
be more helpful for you, right? But once
you've done that, you'll effectively get
a dashboard that looks like this. Now,
both Gravity Claw and this dashboard are
connected to the same data set, right,
in Superbase. It's where all this
information lives. And by the way, if
this you're thinking, Jack, this sounds
great. What's Superbase? I'll put a link
on screen to the full gravity claw build
from the last video so you can fly and
crush it with this one. But it's really
cool and I can effectively give it any
information that I realistically want to
and anything that I want to build on or
improve, I can do that very easily. So
not only can I check everything that my
gravity claw is doing here, I can add
any features I want to. So say for
example, just to show you how this
works, I come to anti-gravity. I could
say, "Hey there, dude. I'd like you to
add in my productivity section a weight
tracker that just basically has the
date, how much I weighed, and then if I
give that information to Gravity Claw,
I'd like him to be able to update it,
and they should be reflected together
based on the date. And I'd like you to
do it in my brand guidelines." Cool.
There's going to come down, and so when
you pretty much describe what you want,
I'm going to say brand guidelines.
Beautiful. So there we go. I've added my
brand guidelines there. And we'll send
that one in. This is really cool. So the
idea is think of a feature that's really
decent then it creates it. Now I want to
kind of also explain here how you to
think about anti-gravity and gravity
claw because they have two very
different functions. Okay wonderful. So
this is doing some work in the
background. So the way I want to think
about this when you're building software
when you're building dashboards or
anything like that you want to do the
building if you can and anti-gravity.
That's where it really shines and then
think of gravity claw or open claw
clawbot whatever you want to call it as
your personal assistant. Now, I think
what confuses a lot of people here is
called co-work and anti-gravity and
where does one begin and the other
finish. In many ways, it's like the
classic spoon and the fork, right? You
can use a spoon to eat things, but
sometimes the fork's better. In that
sense, there is overlap, right? There's
things that they can both do. If I had
to break it down, the way that I'm
thinking about this in my mind is
anti-gravity is for building incredible
software. Love that. Gravity claw is my
personal assistant. So, the gravity claw
connects to my world, my life.
Everything that I use and I touch goes
to gravity core and you build up this
super intelligence to make your life
easy. And then when you're building, you
build the things in anti-gravity. So you
have your software creation
anti-gravity. And then you have
everything that you're building, your
life, your personal assistant. I call it
your digital brain, your chief AI
operating officer lives in Gravity Claw
to save you time. Has unlimited context.
And I'm going to get on to that in this
video because that is actually one of
the most ridiculous features of what I'm
going to show you. Now, to make sure
that they're both connected, you need to
come back over to anti-gravity. And one
thing I recommend that you have for
everything is what I call soul.md for
your gravity claw, which is basically
its constitution, how it acts and
everything. Then you're going to say,
"Hey dude, I want you to align the
weight tracking in the dashboard with
gravity claw." So basically, when I tell
gravity claw what my weight is and the
date, it needs to connect to the same
data in the back end, and it should all
align together. Once you've completed
this, push it live to railway, please.
You give it a prompt like that and then
gravity will go ahead and action that
for you. And so when we come back open,
I've got both these things. Now I can
say to gravity claw something like this,
which is I'd like you to add in a weight
for me. Do me a favor. Add it. On the
15th of April, 2026, I weighed 90 kg.
Bam. So we set that one off. And if this
works, we should see that reflected in
the dashboard. And remember, the point
isn't tracking your weight. The point is
the fact that it works. Got it logged it
in for 90 kg on April 15, 2026. So let's
refresh local host. And do we see that?
We scroll down and it's been added. So
now I could track that. and it just like
this whenever I go to so cuz I have a
morning brief with this it tells you
some cool stuff now it's fully connected
and that's how you basically piece them
together one cool little hack for you as
well I just want to throw your way is
mission control itself right is hosted
on your computer and I recommend it
stays that way in other words it's not
on any website no one can view it's very
personal and the only people can access
it is you on your computer but we also
don't want to every time we wake up go
into anti-gravity and say hey run it for
me so what you can actually do
anti-gravity is a prompt like this hey
there dude my mission control I want you
to set it up in such such a way that
when I log into my laptop every day that
it's already running and runs for me
that I don't have to keep prompting you
to open it up. And then what
anti-gravity will do is run it as a
background process when you fire your
computer up which means you don't have
to keep on reprompting it. And what I do
personally guys is I actually have it
saved as a uh basically as a kind of
bookmark and local host. So basically it
opens up and then I can just access it
without need to back and forth dancing.
So I just have this as a tab I use every
day and I can feed it stuff. Now mission
control is incredible. This is our
foundation from which we're going to
build some more insane capabilities.
Now, beyond that, if we could somehow
give gravity claw or open claw the
ability to understand everything that
we're doing at work, everything our team
is doing at work, it would unlock
capabilities that would make you
unbelievably productive. And this is why
I've connected ClickUp to Gravity Claw.
Not sponsored by ClickUp in any way, but
it's a great software to do this. So,
before we can actually send our message
here, what we want to do is come to
anti-gravity. So in anti-gravity give it
a prompt like this I'd like to connect
my gravity claw to click up and that
needs to be reflected in the actual
dashboard itself the command center and
in addition to that one key thing
whenever I ask gravity claw to do
anything it needs to update it in
clickup that is its core point of call
for anything to do with actions
beautiful so again anytime we want to if
you think about it this way codify
behavior we just explain that to
anti-gravity and it will do that for us
and then what you need to do is get your
API key come down and say hey my clickup
API key is and And then we go ahead and
grab that which just to show you where
that is. You click on your name at the
top down here and you're going to come
all the way down to settings. And then
what you'll see on the left is API which
will be at the bottom which is click up
API and you come down. You basically
just create an API token and then share
that with anti-gravity. And once you've
done that, anti-gravity will then go
ahead and do this. So it's now done this
as a single source of truth and just
make sure that it deploys over to
railway. Then when I minimize that, we
can actually test this one together.
Right? So let's give an example of
something you're going to do in real
life. you are walking to the gym or
maybe walking to a coffee shop. Hey
there, dude. Could you just add an
action to my to-do list, please? We need
to get Laney to go and buy 16 eggs for
the Supreme Egg Festival happening, but
we need to get that done by 10:00 p.m.
tomorrow. Thanks so much. Whatever. Just
send that voice message off, then grab
grabs it. What's really cool here is
that it will always repeat back to us
what we've said. I call this a clarity
feature cuz I like to know for sure that
it's going to do what I want. So now
it's going to process this action for us
in the background. And we should, if
this works properly, see it in two
places. is ClickUp obviously and then
this itself is a reflection of ClickUp.
So it's just now adding it to our
ClickUp task right in ClickUp. I'm
getting guys I'm breaking down even
thinking about how cool this is. Lenny
need to buy 16 eggs for a Supreme Egg
Festival. So let's come over here and
see if that's worked. So coming over and
refreshing and we should see it in the
human task section which is going to be
awesome and get Lenny to buy 16 eggs for
Supreme Egg Festival. Very cool. And
then what we can do is actually click on
that and that will open up a task for us
in ClickUp which is really freaking cool
and it's always reflected there for us
anytime. And then if I want to change
the assignees, I can say, "Hey dude,
just make sure that task is assigned to
Laney." And if I give a instruction to
describe somebody by name, I expect you
to link that up for me in the to-do
list, please. And it works perfectly
that way. And what I can say here is, by
the way, hey dude, just update your own
soul.md so that you will always do this
for me in the future. Fantastic. Now,
what this is is the ability for Gravity
Claw to basically improve itself and
have access to that file. And to give
that to Gravity Claw, you come back over
to anti-gravity and you give it a prompt
like this. Hey dude, I would like you to
give Gravity Claw the ability to update
its own soul.md. So if I give it
instructions like when I do X, you do Y,
it should have the ability to improve
that and amend that itself. So I don't
even have to do that within
anti-gravity. Send that to anti-gravity.
It will update the instructions and then
you'll be able to do that for yourself
whenever you want to. And just like
that, we now have a self evolution
request, which is cool. And it's updated
it, which is fantastic. And then the
really cool thing is it's not updated to
Laney cuz she's disappeared. I come over
here and now it is completely assigned.
And so now we've locked down this
incredible productivity system that lets
us manage tasks and work with our team
and in creative. The next thing we want
to do is give it near infinite memory.
In other words, anything that you ever
discuss with it or any documents you
want to share with it to add to its
growing knowledge base, it is aware of
and can dynamically bring into its
conversation. Meaning that it's fully
enriched. And to do it is unbelievably
simple. Now firstly I want to show you
how the memory system in this actually
works. So I think you'll find that
really helpful and then it makes sense.
So we have what we call a three- tier
memory system. So this is how gravical
remembers everything and again all how
you sub I've included down below for you
so you can rock and roll with it. So
first thing we have a core memory which
is SQL line. This is a permanent sort of
facts about you your name your
preferences projects and people loaded
on every single message. So it will
never ever forget. It's loaded into the
context window. It's like a notebook
that never gets lost. It writes down the
important stuff forever. So, how it
works? Instant access, key value pairs,
auto extraction, and it's always loaded.
Here, for example, is Jack. He's an
entrepreneur. Uh, he likes flat whites.
As you can tell, I gave it the most
important information. Then, we have the
conversation buffer. So, this keeps your
last 20 messages in full detail and
compresses everything that's older into
a rolling summary. So, if we were
yapping for say a day, the last 20 are
there, but then everything before that
is kind of rolled into a summary. And we
do this to protect your context window,
whilst at the same time giving it really
great um sort of memory of what's
talking about. Again, you can see it
works. auto compaction which is like
amazing for saving your tokens and
saving your costs. Very token efficient
and you can see the breakdown there. And
then the coolest one is semantic memory
and this is in pine cone. And one of the
ways I came up with the system is I was
sparring with Claude on what would be
like the ultimate memory system where it
would remember everything but also kind
of protects your context window. Now
semantic memory is incredible. So every
exchange is embedded into the vector
database. So every message is stored as
vectors before each response. It will
actually search past conversations by
meaning not keywords. So you have vector
embeddings basically you say hey what
did we discuss about YouTube strategy it
can find exchanges from 3 weeks ago and
bring it back like this. So hey let's
focus in on shorts the hook format is
blah blah blah. So if you actually come
over to Pine for example you can see
exactly how this works. Let me just log
in and here you can see I have gravity
claw right I can click on this. Now
let's actually test this in real life by
bringing up gravity claw. So for example
I could say hey I really like oranges. I
think oranges are the coolest fruit on
the world especially teddy bears and
oranges. What do you think? So just
something completely random. We're going
to throw this out there. See what Gravit
has to say about it. Hopefully, it
agrees with our orange philosophy. I
just want to show you how this memory
system works cuz understanding is more
important than doing sometimes. You're
doubling down on Orange Evangelism. I
see you. Cool. Now, I come over to our
pine cone. Now, what's cool here is I
can click on gravity claw and if I type
in uh orange here, like so, you will see
it will pull up that text for us. Hey
there, I really like oranges. Oranges
are the best fruit in the world. Do you
agree? So, it's got that instantaneously
stored there for us. And then
anti-gravity, give it this feature. Hey
dude, I want you to cry for me a memory
ad feature. So if I'm talking to Gravity
Claw and I give it a YouTube URL or I
give it a document or I do that in my
mission control dashboard, I want you to
be able to actually vectorize and save
that information. So give it the
capabilities to add this to its
long-term memory. So effectively now
what we're doing is let's say for
example we see a YouTube video, we
think, damn that's really interesting. I
actually want to chat to anti-gravity
about that maybe over a long period of
time. I want to chat to Gravity Core
about it. We can now save that to your
actual agent's long-term memory so he
won't forget. This can also be the case
for things like meeting transcripts. And
the really cool thing is it won't affect
your context window because all we're
doing is a semantic search. So think of
rag is like breaking up thinking about
it like a million books. So if we had
like the entire Harry Potter series for
example, instead of loading all the
context, every message, it stores it
into a million different chunks. And
then if we talk about the cloak of
invisibility, it will only pull that
part down. So we've saved it in its
memory. And again, this is just making
the features. And this is the kind of
crux of how gravity claw works. You yap,
you say the things that you want to. We
find the best strategy and then we
implement it. And now we've done that,
we can actually put this to the test. So
I've got gravity claw here. And there's
two levels we want to do here. And this
is really cool. So say I come on YouTube
and we want to grow on LinkedIn. And
Callaway is somebody who does a lot of
content on growing on social media,
whatever it is. So say we get this video
here. I'm going to copy this link. And
I'm like, dude, I might want to chat to
Gravity Claw or OpenClaw about get hooks
in the future. So let me drop the data
in. I come over. I paste the URL in. I'm
gonna come down and say, "Hey, dude.
Could you save this transcript to your
long-term memory just that you and I can
chat about it later in the future and
you have it as a point of reference.
Also, write for me the first two
sentences of this video." Something
completely random, right? Send that one
off. It's now going to have it grab the
YouTube transcript. It's going to get it
for from that link, save it to LinkedIn
memory, and then give me exactly what I
asked for, which is so cool. And this
means now that I can pretty much grab
any resource, any document, anything,
throw it into Gravity Claw, throw it
into this document thing, and it'll
it'll basically be there and accessible
for me whenever I want to. And then once
we get the answer back from Gravity
Claw, we can then also do it in Mission
Control on our actual desktop. And just
like that, transcript shape belong to
memory. Today we're talking about hooks.
I've got the single greatest hook ever,
and it's in it long-term memory, which
is awesome. How can we validate that?
Well, if we grab this text here and we
go over to Pine Cone, we should be able
to find that exact thing. Find Gravity
Claw here and I can search by text. So,
let's come over and enter some stuff in
here, which is just the intro. And as
you can see, it's got everything from
the YouTube video. Now, I can say, "Hey
there, dude. Give me a TLDDR of the
video." Cool. And then we can get all
the information that we want to. Come
back over to mission control. Give that
a second. And now we're chatting with
videos. So, this is added to it longterm
bread. You could add every all your
meeting transcripts, your email,
anything you want to into Pine Cone.
Again, it's all there ready to rock and
roll and have a good time. And then
we've got the themes. Incredible. And
then we can even add this to our
database in Mission Control, which I
will full screen and show you. And I did
an example there. Here you can see I
added a full master class, but basically
any video you want to add in. We're
going to come down here. Let's say we
like the look of this. We copy the link,
come over to mission control, we add
that in. We hit on add. And all you can
click on is vectorize one item. And then
this will grab the transcript for you
automatically. And then it will
vectorize it and store it to your
long-term memory. Which means that we
can now ask any questions we want to in
our gravity call. How incredible is
that? And check this out as well. If I
actually come back to this video, let's
see what the first thing is. If you want
to actually win on social media in 2026.
Interesting. So we come back over here.
When this is finished vectorizing, we
can ask that questions and basically yap
to graphic to claw about the entire
video. How cool is that? And then we've
also got quick notes, web links, even
upload files or documents. We can do all
of this inside mission control or its
memory. And just to show you this works,
guys, look, I've got this here, right?
If I started social media from scratch
in 2026, I'd do this. This is the second
one I added, right? I went to Grav Claw
and I said, "Look, if you wanted me to
win in social media in 2026, what would
I do?" And it says, "Great. Here's the
exact playbook." I come down. I'm like,
"Dude, where's that video from?" It's
like it's from this video which we
uploaded to our own command control. So
the whole system works beautifully. And
so now we've got this incredible memory.
It's time to put that memory to the test
to help us with any area of our
business. Now one of the cool things we
can do with gravity claw is not only
recearch things but we can create
incredible content pipelines if you know
the right things to ask. And so one of
the things I might say to gravity claw
here or open claw if you're using
openclaw is it knows about me. It knows
about my background. So, I might say
something about, "Hey, could you do me a
favor and find out, have there been any
new releases on anti-gravity? And if so,
could you maybe suggest one or two
things that might be beneficial for me
to talk about for my audience based on
all the information that you know about
my channel? I would like to know the um
suggested YouTube title based on my
previous performance and also two lines
on what that video might be about."
Okay, cool. So, set this off and
effectively now this is going to focus
and function as almost like a content
assistant. Now, I could also, if I want
to have him, if it's an idea I like, add
it to ClickUp. I could then have him
draft an email and send it to somebody.
There's like a million things I can do.
For me, the biggest benefit of this,
because the thing is, if you're at your
laptop, right, or your desktop, you're
probably on anti-gravity doing something
or whatever you are. But this is like if
you're also on the move and sometimes we
get our ideas, we get our inspiration
when we're out and about doing different
things. And so, just to be able to do
this and drop your thoughts, drop your
ideas, and then have that saved to
database, I actually think is one of the
coolest things ever. And look, we've got
some different ideas that come down
here. So, there's fresh content to come
out. Recent updates in February, Gemini
3.1. That's true. A lot of people
covered that. Agent skills, native
usage, blah blah blah. And then it's got
video suggestions and with some
different ideas. And again, you can try
it out on skills to give you those
things. But the idea is you can get
anti-gravity to do research to help
build out any of the content that you
want to create. And the other cool thing
I could do if I wanted to, I could be
like, "Hey dude, could you grab me the
thumbnail for my latest YouTube video?"
Because once you connected to these
things, guys, if I'm out and about, I'm
like, "Dude, what was my thumbnail? I'm
trying to ideate. I want to go ahead and
grab that because this already has all
the connections. It makes my life so
much easier. So, this is going to go to
my YouTube channel and grab it. And we
can validate that by bringing up my
YouTube on the left hand side. And look
at this. There I'm floated and out of
space. And you can see now on the left
hand side, it's right there. How
freaking cool is that? So, now we've got
your content generation pipeline sorted.
And we've got this content assistant,
which by the way, we can build out
skills for. The next thing I'm going to
want you to use here is actually
something that I've not seen covered on
any video on YouTube. And that is the
ability for Open Claw or Gravity Claw to
create documents for you in the chat.
And when you see a use case that I'm
about to show you, your mind's going to
open up to so many possibilities. Okay,
so check this out. Now, what is one of
the worst things to do in business?
Probably there's many things, but one is
probably going to be invoice generation.
Cuz I don't know about you, but I
personally really don't like all the
admin stuff. When I did what I studied
law at uni, I had an exam that was 3
hours long and I said, "Dude, I am never
handwriting anything ever again for
freaking writing down for 3 hours." So
admin, I have like a natural against
admin. So if I can automate it, you can
guarantee that I will. So I might say
something like, "Hey there, dude. I'd
like you to create me an invoice in my
invoice style. Let's make it out to the
UFC." And the invoice amount is going to
be $22,795.
The fee is for my UFC debut. And add a
$10,000 win bonus on there as well,
please. Um, and then what I'd like you
to do is just Yeah, show it in my chat.
Uh, perfect. Cool. Send this one off.
Oh, here's the other cool thing as well.
Go ahead and find their address,
obviously, so you know who to send it
to. All right, cool. Then we're going to
send this one off. So, I want to show
you how this works, and I'm going to say
exactly how you can add it for yourself,
cuz this is crazy. Like, never again.
Like, I can't tell you how cool it is to
not have to actually manually write
documents. There's some stuff that I
will never automate. So, when I message
people in my community or reply to
something on YouTube, that's always me
that does that. I never want to automate
some things. But, there are some things
I definitely want to freaking automate.
And you can guarantee that invoices is
somewhere near the top of the list. Now
look at this. It's done. You watch me
the whole time. I didn't touch this,
right? I click on this. Let's open this
up. And oh my gosh, will you look at
this guys? AI automations by Jack. It's
got my profile photo in it. It's got an
invoice. Um, this is crazy. And it
actually also dynamically pulled the
address for the UFC. It's got some
information. It's come down and at the
bottom, $22,795.
Here's my banking information. You
probably can't see that. Upon receipt,
ready to freaking go. And it can do this
for any freaking company that I want to.
I I basically just say do it and it does
it for me. That's where we're at right
now. Now you're thinking, Jack, that's
great, but I've got the invoice in
Telegram. What am I going to do with
that? And then the cool thing, guys, is
all these documents are also log on the
command center. So I can come down here,
download the document whenever I
physically want to. So the the files
always going to be there because the
files been saved in Superbase. So how
would you go about going ahead and
creating something like this? Well, the
first thing that you want to do
realistically if you're doing a PDF
invoice is give it your brand
guidelines. So the first step is this.
You're going to say, "Hey there, dude.
I'm going to give you my brand
guidelines. I'm going to give you some
assets and media. And I want you to save
this in the project file. This is Jack's
media assets. And whenever you designing
any dashboard, any UI, any documents,
you are to consult these assets before
you build it." That's step one. Then
upload all your stuff to it. So, for
example, I've got um an Scratch there.
If I come to Jack's guidelines, you can
see there's effect with me. This is my
color palette. This is a typography.
It's got all that stuff on lockdown.
Could have been a text file or whatever.
But you'll notice when you look at the
invoice, it has those things. So once
you've done that, that's step one. Step
two, once that's all complete, is to
basically ask it in HTML to create your
perfect invoice. And you're going to
spar back and forward with anti-gravity
until it's perfect. Then you're going to
say, "Awesome. Now we've actually got
the perfect invoice. What I want you to
do is add a new skill to gravity claw."
And effectively what you're going to do
is whenever I ask you to create a new
invoice, you're going to create it in
that style and substitute out the
information. You're going to do the
research on the company and add that to
the document and make sure that Graphic
Club does that whenever requested. In
addition to that, you're also now going
to go to the command center and save all
the documents in the command center for
me to download when I want to save both
those documents in Superbase for me.
Then graphic claw will go forth and make
that a reality for you. Meaning you have
this full content management system and
it doesn't just stop at PDFs. It can be
pretty much anything that you want to
because we're leveraging the best models
to make this happen. So now we have
document generation nailed down. One of
the coolest features of graphic claw
that I think is amazing is and also open
claw of course is its ability to
remember anything that you ask it and
proactively reach out to you and when
you understand now that AI can be
proactive. Chat GPT was always yap and
it'll come back to you back and forth.
But now it has a memory. It it will
create tasks and come back and tell you
anything. So as always, how would this
work? I might say something like, "Hey
there, dude. Could you set up a reminder
to message me in one minute with the
current temperature in Dubai? Thank
you." Ace. This could be anything. Maybe
you are going on a hot date. Someone's
caught your eye, dude. Let's go on a
date. And then you want to get a message
in 30 minutes to to remind yourself to
ask some kind of question or maybe
you've got a business meeting you don't
want to forget. You can actually just
say, "Hey dude, please do this." No
one's going to know that you're chatting
to Gravity Claw. I'll know. I'll always
know because Gravity Club, we have this
relationship. But the point is, no one
could it might as well be a human being,
right? You can just literally say
whatever you want to to gravity claw
tallet to come back in touch with you.
Same with open claw and it will
literally do that. So whilst this is
cooking in the background, let's go back
over to anti-gravity and me bring him
over here. And if you haven't got this
feature yet, what you want to do is
basically remember cuz if you're using
gravity claw versus open claw, any
feature you want, you're basically
explaining and building, which is a
really cool thing cuz you'll actually
understand everything that's happening.
So I'll say something like, "Hey dude, I
want to add a feature to give my gravity
claw the ability to send me reminders."
So it needs to have a taskuling
function. For instance, if I said,
"Dude, in 26 minutes, send me a message.
In 26 minutes, I get a message." It
needs to have a taskuling function.
Develop this for me, please. That's
basically all you do. And then
anti-gravity will spot back and forth
and create that for you. And then we at
the end of every message you do, just
say, "Awesome. Now push this live to
railway." Remember, railway is the place
where all this code is living, which
means that if the laptop shut down, we
can chat to it anywhere. If you don't
care about chatting to outside your
laptop, you don't need to worry about
railway cuz all the all the code is here
on the left hand side. And then when I
come back, you can see a minute later,
hey Jack, Dubai is sitting at 27° right
now with clear skies and perfect weather
out there. Now reminders are one thing,
but what would be something really cool
that you could do with reminders that
would actually be really helpful for you
on a dayto-day basis? Well, turns out
one of them is what we call the daily
bullet, the daily brief, which we can
configure in a million different ways
that's going to add value to you every
day for the rest of your life whilst
you're running it. Now, the really cool
thing about this daily brief is that
essentially we can have it do anything.
We can have it scrape news sources. We
can do whatever we want to and it will
give us a daily brief. The key thing is
this though, anytime we automate
anything or have whatever it is, it
needs to have a purpose and drive an
action. For example, you could say,
"Hey, I want you to create for me a
daily morning brief. This morning brief
must have the following information. Any
trending or breaking news that's
happened in the day prior, the weather
forecast for the day, any important
meetings that I have coming up for the
rest of the day, and anything else that
you think would be important for me to
know to remind me of based on our
conversations um over the past previous
week, so you can have a little bit of
extra zazz like that. I'd like to add
those additional features to my existing
morning brief and send me a sample one
now, please." Awesome. One of the things
I have my morning brief do is ask me,
Jack, what's your weight today? And the
reason I do that is because I found that
tracking your weight in the morning just
happens to be one of the best ways to
make sure that you complete the cut cuz
we'll know that cut through those
cupcakes. You see those cupcakes, it's
tough to say no sometimes, I must admit.
So, it's really good for me to wake up
and have this message at a certain time
to get my mind locked in. I think it's
also good that if you're somebody who's
into affirmations and it's like you want
to get that like that vibe or you want
to get some words of encouragement or
you want to help your focus or you want
to remind yourself you've got this thing
that's going to send you a message every
day reinforcing that stuff. It doesn't
all have to be pure business. Like we're
human beings, right? We work out, we
have relationships, we do cool stuff and
you know, leverage it for some cool
stuff. Don't doesn't have to be like I
have to get six more lines of code out.
Like have fun with this. Like I think
building this has been one of the
coolest most fun I would say experiments
like in code to do because you can
pretty much imagine a cool use case and
do it. And that's what we're about,
right? Cool imagination and executing
great stuff. And just like that, we've
got my daily morning brief which is
cool. So morning brief, we've got
breaking news and trends, which I think
is cool. Dubai weather, so we get a good
idea. My schedule for today. So it's got
my list of all the things. You won't see
that because it's blurred. I can't have
all the my cupcake eating sessions going
live on the internet. And then key
context from this week. And then we've
got all the kind of key context about
all the stuff that we talked about. It
knows about the invoice you generated,
all that really cool thing. And just the
more context you give it, the more
helpful it can actually be. And you can
train it and say, "Dude, do more of
this, do less of that." And then with
that in mind, let's actually check out
some costs of running this entire thing.
So what is the agent cost? And I'll put
a link down below if you check out for
this. So an AI agent, I've done it based
on low case, medium case, and heavy
usage. So let me bring this over so you
can see. Okay, beautiful. So here's the
thing. It really depends on the
performance and the cost. So low use
case would be like 50 messages a day,
quick questions, reminders, what's on my
calendar. The base case is like 200
messages a day. I personally like to
forecast based on the conservative
numbers. So I'd be thinking heavy use
case, right? So 500 messages a day,
heavy automation coding. If you were a
power user, if you're really leveraging
into it, what would that look like?
Well, $85 a week with Claude, that's
100%. But you don't need to use that all
the time. You could use Gemini Flash,
which is 13 bucks a week, or Deepseek,
which is in terms of performance, and
you can check benchmark, by the way,
benchmark performance against cost. So I
can get you 92% of the performance, $13
instead of 85. That seemed like a really
good trade-off. Or the budget option,
Deep Zig V3. We call this dirt cheap.
That's pretty cool. The $350. or you can
use it completely for free. It's
completely your call. But if you're a
medium medium power user, $34 a week,
but medium reasonable user, five bucks a
week. I think it's really cool. The way
that you get access to these, by the
way, is via Open Routter. So, this is
the cool thing I I wanted to clarify as
well from my video I did previously. So,
open router is really cool, right?
Because you can create API keys and you
can limit the amount of credit on there
and you have access to over 600 models.
So, for example, when you bring this up,
I could say, "Hey, dude, what models do
you have access to?" And you can see
it's got like this and it can switch to
anything in plain language. So you could
call like Claude a sonet big brain and
you could say hey switch to dum dum mode
or switch to plank whatever it is right
and it can switch dynamically in the
conversation which can help to save you
money. So you can do this by connecting
it. All you do is give your open um your
open router API key to anti-gravity to
encode in your environmental variables
and then it's using it and then you can
actually say look come over to
anti-gravity and say hey I would like
the ability for gravity claw to change
the model that it's using when
requested. So if I want to go for a less
intelligent model, more powerful one, do
that. And the three I'd like you to
suggest are Claude Sonnet for big power.
And then what you can do if you want to
is check the resource I created for you
here, which I did just based on research
essentially. And you could say Gemini
Flash Deep Seek B3 like this. So just
copy this, come back over and say I
would like you to be able to switch
between these four and ask basically ask
get gravity claw to ask me which of
these four that I want to do when I ask
it to change models. Okay. Then you
literally come down paste this in like
that and then it'll be ready to rock and
roll. And then actually when you're
using it and you do want to save on
money, you can just switch between them
just like that. And just a little hack
for you as well, couple ways you can
save on your cost route by complexity.
So if something's like needs a level 10
thinking, use the more powerful clawed
sonet model. But if it's something
really basic like getting a transcript,
just say, "Hey, switch to an inferior
model, get the transcript, and then
switch back so you can save on your
costs." Compressing context, we actually
do that automatically in the way we've
set this up, but it's a really cool
feature. Cheap model for the background.
Yeah, like does it need to be a super
model when you're doing things? prompt
catching is really good and cap max
iterations. That's a prompt that you can
give into anti-gravity. Now, the more
you understand about anti-gravity, the
better the gravity claw can actually be.
Now, I've spent hundreds of hours
building an anti-gravity. I put every
single lesson I've learned into this
video right here, which I recommend that
you watch